The user submits a job associated with deadline, cost, and execution time.
The user queries the cluster to establish the current cost per unit time for submitting new jobs.
The user monitors the status of submitted jobs.
The user cancels the jobs submitted by him.
The user checks his credit balance.
The user checks his usage history.
The user checks the status of each node of the cluster.
The user checks the usage pattern history of the cluster.
The user checks the status of all submitted jobs.
The user checks the load on each node of the cluster.
The user alters the cost structure of the cluster.
The user alters the scheduling policy of the cluster.
The user takes a photo of a new student.
The development process will follow the Rational Unified Process (RUP) approach.
The SDMS will be developed under a waterfall process model.
The objective of the project is to develop a meeting scheduler product through an organized routine which allows us to concentrate on core elements at different phases more easily and efficiently.
The web tier deals with the presentation logic and the rendering of the page
The EIS tier is responsible for storing user profiles, and ride advertisements.
Runtime Pattern is applied.
Development is done on an extra application server
Application is deployed into two application servers working in a cluster. (4 in the future)
Application servers are IBM servers running Jboss Application Server
The database server is IBM server running MySQL server.
All application servers and Database server have redundancy using mirroring RAID mode.
Workstations run Linux and use the Eclipse platform for development.
Administration Staff can create a monthly accounting report
Each role is managed by at most one other role.
An administrator shall be able to register a satellite with the system.
The PHP editor will have a wizard that will support the following search options Classes Functions Constants Variables.
This window will display the users Direct Message (or DM) inbox.