The system administrator must be able to deactivate and reactivate student account login
The system administrator must be able to force the sending of a new password to a student via email
The system administrator must be able to change any of a student's details
Student can be registered on the system and fill in all detail and forward to choose project/supervisor
Student can change detail if the information is incorrect such as telephone number
Student can change his login password at any time for security reason
The student could request his password if he/she forgot the password
All staff can view the details of any student
Certain staff may be designated as Unit or Cohort Co-ordinators and can change the details of any student doing their unit or project cohort
Unit Cohort co-ordinator can change student detail for incorrect information
Unit Cohort co-ordinator can view student information and monitor their progress
Unit Cohort co-ordinator can provide all list employee who requests a personal development program
Unit Cohort co-ordinator can reset the student's password if required
System Administrator can backup the mail server of course registration regularly
System Administrator can reset the student's password if required
Administration Staff can create a monthly accounting report
Administration Staff can make a school announcement
This model encompasses the following activities: system engineering, requirement analysis, software design, implementation, and testing. The requirement analysis will be highly emphasized
The SDMS will be developed under the waterfall process model.
The team consists of 7 members, and each member will be involved in a sub-phase of the project as a team leader. 
Team Crutch is developing a software application for Android cell phones that will mitigate the communication barriers faced by people with these deficiencies. 
The constant involvement of end users/beta users and developers to continuously monitor and find out the requirement gap. 
Be careful of "scope creep," which are uncontrolled changes.  Most large projects fall victim to scope creep. Scope creep often results in cost overrun.
The design pattern used to create the CPSS is the MVC (Model View Controller) design pattern.  
The MVC design pattern clearly separated the web application’s behavior presentation and control.  
User checks usage pattern history cluster
Administration Staff can create a monthly accounting report
Each role is managed by at most one other role.
An administrator shall be able to register a satellite with the system.
The system shall provide for replication of databases to off-site storage locations.
The client administrator can manage roles for its client.